Common Libraries:
Pandas - Data Analysis and Manipulation
Numpy - Mathematical Functions and Numerical Computing
Matplotlib/Seaborn - Data Visualization
Scikit-learn - Machine Learning
TensorFlow/PyTorch - Deep Learning
SQLAlchemy - Database Interaction
Flask/Django - Web Development
BeautifulSoup/Scrapy - Web Scraping
OpenCV - Computer Vision
NLTK/spaCy - Natural Language Processing
PySpark - Big Data processing
FastAPI - API Development
Keras - Nural Network Models
PIL/Pillow - Image Processing

Standard Libraries:
math - Provides mathematical functions, including trigonometric, logarithmic, and other functions.
datetime - Provides functions to manipulate dates and times, including time parsing, formatting, and arithmetic.
os - Provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality, like reading or writing to files.
sys	- Allows Python programs to manipulate parts of the run-time environment such as command line arguments or exit status.
random - Generates pseudo-random numbers, enables random element selection, random permutations and more.
json - Offers methods to manipulate JSON objects, including parsing, serializing, and deserializing.
re - Provides functions to work with regular expressions for powerful string manipulation techniques.
sqlite3 - Allows interaction with SQLite database, a lightweight disk-based database that doesn’t require separate server process.
csv - Allows the reading and writing of CSV files, which enables the manipulation and organization of data in table form.
collections - Provides alternatives to built-in container data types such as list, set, dict, and tuple. Includes special types like Counter, deque and ordered dictionary.
argparse - Handles command-line options and arguments, and generates usage messages. Offers a straightforward way to obtain command-line arguments into your scripts.
functools - Provides tools for working with functions, such as higher-order functions, and functions that act on or return other functions.
threading - Provides multiple threads of execution, useful when you want to improve the application performance by allowing multiple operations to run in parallel.
multiprocessing - A package that supports spawning processes using an API similar to the threading module.
urllib - Fetch URLs and provides functionality for parsing URLs and changing between absolute and relative paths.
statistics - Provides functions to calculate mathematical statistics of numerical data.
http.server - This module defines classes for implementing HTTP servers (Web servers).
http.client - Contains classes for making HTTP requests.
smtpd - Defines an SMTP server which can receive e-mails and optionally pass them on to a real SMTP server.
smtplib - The smtplib module defines an SMTP client session object that can be used to send mail to any Internet machine with an SMTP or ESMTP listener daemon.
